Tw 251/228: cli repo docs output (#1927)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cli/activity/index.md

---
id: index
title: temporal activity
sidebar_label: activity
description: Operations that can be performed on Workflow Activities.
tags:
	- cli
---

> Activity commands enable operations on [Activity Executions](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-execution).

Reviewer: I didn't see this in rendered.

Sentence could be improved:

```suggestion
Operate on [Activity Executions](/concepts/what-is-an-activity-execution).
```
